[DRUMMERS PLAYING,
WHISTLE BLOWING]
WHOO! YOU KNOW
IT JUST NEED TO BE SAID.
BRINGSTON HOMECOMINGS
ARE FIRE.
PERIOD.
IT IS ONLY
THE FIRST DAY,
AND I CAN TELL
I'M ALREADY GONNA
LIKE IT MORE
THAN LAST YEAR.
AH, HELLO. THAT'S
A LIE BECAUSE YOU
MET ME LAST YEAR,
SO THAT'S WHEN THE GAME
WAS CHANGED, HONEY.
BUT SHE AIN'T KNOW ME,
SO THAT MAKES
THIS YEAR THE BEST.
AIN'T THAT RIGHT?
OH, MY GOSH.
SIMONE...
IT'S OUR
FRIENDIVERSARY!
THAT MEANS WE
HAVE TO TOAST,
SO THAT'S Y'ALL'S
CUE. DRINKS, PLEASE.
-WATER FOR ME, THOUGH.
-I GOT YOU.
DO I LOOK LIKE
A WAITER?
YES!
SAY, BROTHER,
TAKE THIS ORDER.
OH, I WISH NATE
WAS HERE INSTEAD OF AT
HER PRE-LAW CONFERENCE.
YOU TWO ARE A BIG REASON
WHY I CAME HERE.
YO, A LOT HAS CHANGED.
SERIOUSLY. I CAME
BEING A WALK-ON,
AND I MADE THE TEAM.
IF I CAN IMPRESS COACH LONI AT
THE PRO TOURNAMENT TOMORROW,
I'LL HAVE A SHOT
AT MAKING TOP 6
AND SINGLES NEXT SEMESTER.
GIRL, YOU GONNA
MAKE TOP 6.
I NEED YOU TO,
UHH, CLAIM THAT-AH.
RIGHT, RIGHT.
A SPA DAY,
A CANDLELIT DINNER.
IF YOUR PLAN WAS TO HELP ME
RELAX BEFORE THE TOURNAMENT,
YOU SUCCEEDED.
WELL, I'M NOT DONE.
CHECK YOUR PHONE.
WHAT?
YOU SENT ME AN INVITE
TO CREATE
A SPOTIFY BLEND PLAYLIST.
YUP. SO IN BETWEEN
YOUR MATCHES,
YOU KNOW YOU
CAN GET IN THE ZONE
WITH A MIX OF
YOUR FAVORITE SONGS,
A COUPLE OF MINE.
SO IT'LL BE LIKE HAVING
YOU RIGHT THERE WITH ME,
EVEN WHEN YOU'RE NOT.
YEAH, SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
HI.
MOM. HEH! WHAT'S UP?
UH, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
WELL, I TOLD YOU
I WAS FLYING IN
FOR HOMECOMING.
UH, YEAH. THE WEEKEND FOR
THE GAME AGAINST HAWKINS.
WELL, I WANTED
TO GET MY FULL HBCU
HOMECOMING EXPERIENCE.
WHICH SHOULD INCLUDE
AN INTRODUCTION
TO YOUR COMPANION.
OH, RIGHT, RIGHT!
HEH. MY BAD. UH, MA,
THIS IS THEA MAYS,
MY GIRLFRIEND.
I'VE HEARD
SO MUCH ABOUT YOU.
WELL, I WISH
I COULD SAY THE SAME.
BUT I'M SURE
I WILL GET TO KNOW YOU
JUST LIKE I'VE DONE WITH
ALL OF DAMON'S FRIENDS.
AND HOW ARE J.R.,
SANTIAGO, AND SIMONE?
GOOD. YEAH,
EVERYBODY'S GOOD.
OH. THAT'S
REAL GOOD, BABY.
UM...
I SHOULD HEAD IN
AND GET SOME SLEEP
BEFORE THE TOURNAMENT,
BUT IT WAS SO NICE
TO MEET YOU.
-SEE YOU SOON.
-SEE YOU.
SEE YOU.
YO, REALLY, MA?
WHAT? ALL I DID WAS
ASK A QUESTION.
NOW COME. MY HBCU
EXPERIENCE AWAITS.
NOT BAD.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING
FOR YOU.
CAN THIS WAIT
TILL MORNING?
I GOT A LOT OF WORK TO DO.
DOES THAT WORK INVOLVE
THE MERGER WITH
WILLIS COBB UNIVERSITY?
ZEKE,
HOW DID WE GET HERE?
THE SAME WAY
OTHER HBCUs HAVE:
LOW REVENUES
AND POOR ENROLLMENT.
NOW, I KNOW EVERYONE
WILL PAINT ME AS THE VILLAIN.
I DON'T CARE. I'VE TRIED
EVERYTHING I COULD.
THIS MERGER IS THE ONLY
WAY TO SAVE BRINGSTON.
EVEN IF WE LOSE THE HEART
AND SOUL OF OUR
SCHOOL IN THE PROCESS?
WHAT'S THE POINT IN
SAVING BRINGSTON
IF IT'S NOT
BRINGSTON ANYMORE?
IT'S SO COOL...
AND SCARY
BEING AROUND
SO MANY WOMEN
I ADMIRE.
I AGREE.
MM-MM. PUT
THE FANGIRL AWAY
BECAUSE THE PROS ARE
NOT FANS OF OURS.
THEY SEE COLLEGIATE
PLAYERS
AS UNNECESSARY
OBSTACLES, SO...
TRUE. AND IF
WE HAD A CHOICE,
YOU WOULDN'T EVEN STEP
ON THE COURT WITH US.
KATIA, I WAS HOPING
YOU'D BE HERE.
WHY? YOU'VE NEVER BEEN
GOOD ENOUGH TO BEAT ME,
AND YOU NEVER WILL BE.
IT'S A MISTAKE TO
UNDERESTIMATE ME.
SWEETIE, IT'S
A LITTLE HARD
TO TAKE YOU OR YOUR
FRIENDS SERIOUSLY
IN YOUR LITTLE
MATCHING OUTFITS.
THEA, AS YOUR FRIEND,
I HATE HER.
THAT'S THE NICEST
THING YOU'VE
EVER SAID TO ME.
THANK YOU.
♪ WHY DO YOU PLAY SO MUCH?
♪ WHY DO YOU PLAY
SO MUCH, BOY... ♪
COACH SEEMS BETTER.
YEAH, LIKE HE
DIDN'T JUST SPEND THE LAST
FEW DAYS CHEWING US OUT.
WHAT'S UP, BOYS?
-WHAT'S UP?
-WHAT'S UP, DAWG?
HEY, FOR A PROGRAM
THAT'S STRAPPED FOR CASH,
COACH WENT ALL IN.
HE'S SHOWING OUT BECAUSE
THE BARBECUE GOT
CANCELED LAST YEAR
BECAUSE OF
THE CHEATING SCANDAL.
ARE YOU GOOD?
YEAH. YEAH. I'M...
I'M GOOD. JUST...
YOU KNOW,
MY DAD HAD AN AFFAIR,
THEN LIED ABOUT BEING
MY BIOLOGICAL FATHER.
BECAUSE OF THE ALZHEIMER'S,
I'M LEFT WITH THE FALLOUT,
TELLING MY MOM.
BRO, HOW AM I SUPPOSED
TO TELL HER THAT
HER HUSBAND OF 20 YEARS
DID NOTHING BUT LIE
TO HER THE WHOLE TIME?
BECAUSE YOU GOT TO
RIP THE BAND-AID OFF.
HONESTY IS THE ONLY ANSWER.
I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK, I'M GONNA SEE IF
COACH NEEDS SOME HELP.
-OK.
-ALL RIGHT.
I'LL CATCH YOU.
COACH, HEY.
LOOK AT ALL THIS,
SAM'S.
ISN'T THIS THE
BEST-LOOKING BARBECUE
YOU EVER SEEN?
UH, YEAH, YEAH.
IT'S DOPE, COACH.
YO, WITH THIS BEING
THE ANNIVERSARY OF
THE CHEATING SCANDAL, THOUGH,
YOU GOOD?
I'M GOOD,
BETTER THAN GOOD.
OK, COOL, 'CAUSE
I WANTED TO ASK YOU,
UM, YOU KNOW, WHEN YOU
LEAKED SHAW'S CHEATING
TO DR. PATTERSON,
THE BLOWBACK ON HER
WAS KIND OF ROUGH.
AND, YOU KNOW, NOW
THAT THE TEAM WAS
ALMOST DEMOLISHED,
LOOKING BACK, WAS, LIKE,
TELLING THE TRUTH
WORTH THE COST?
THIS BARBECUE IS
GONNA CHANGE THE GAME.
LOOK, ALL IT NEEDS
IS ANOTHER PIT.
THAT'S WHAT'S MISSING.
I'MMA GET YEE ON THAT.
I'MMA CALL THE NEWS.
THEY NEED TO BE
COVERING THIS
'CAUSE I'MMA GET COACH
OF THE YEAR AFTER THIS.
YOU JUST WATCH.
COACH, HEY, WHAT IS
GOING ON WITH YOU?
YOU JUST WATCH. COACH
OF THE YEAR, BABY.
THEY DIDN'T TURN
THE MEAT RIGHT.
JUST GIVE ME
A FEW MINUTES.
GOT TO TURN THE MEAT
LIKE THAT. OK.
♪ UH, YOU CAN MAKE
YOUR OWN MAGIC ♪
♪ DREAM ABOUT IT, GO GET IT,
TAKE ACTION ♪
♪ THIS YOUR SHIP,
YOU THE CAPTAIN ♪
♪ GET UP, GET OUT,
AND MAKE IT HAPPEN ♪
-♪ ALL GRIND, NO HATE
-♪ NO LOVE OR FATE
-♪ ABOUT TO ELEVATE
-♪ ELEVATE
♪ ABOUT TO ELEVATE
♪ ELEVATE
HMM.
WHAT'S UP?
UM, NOTHING. I JUST
WANTED TO CHECK IN.
I'M GOOD. YOU GOOD?
YEAH. I'M GREAT.
THEN WHAT'S WITH
THE NERVOUS SMILE?
I DON'T HAVE
A NERVOUS SMILE.
YEAH. OK. LIKE I DON'T
KNOW YOUR SMILES BY NOW.
YOU WANT TO TELL ME
WHAT'S UP?
YEAH. THERE IS SOMETHING THAT
I WAS HOPING TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT.
♪ CAM, DID
YOU GET MY TEXT? ♪
♪ I DID, BUT YOUR TEXT
♪ WAS TOO DAMN LONG
♪ LONG
WHATEVER. I'M GONNA
TAKE SOME FRIES.
I GOT EXTRA. I WAS
READY FOR YOU,
YOU LITTLE
FRY SNATCHER.
UM, I'M ACTUALLY GONNA
CATCH YOU ALL LATER, OK?
-OH, BYE, GIRL.
-ALL RIGHT. SEE YOU.
OK, I SEE YOU.
HEY, YOUR GIRL IS
NO JOKE OUT THERE, BRO.
NAH, LIKE,
FOR REAL, MAN.
HEY, I APPRECIATE
YOU COMING THROUGH.
OF COURSE. WELL,
YOU'RE MY BABY BROTHER.
SUPPORTING THEA IS
PART OF THE GIG.
PLUS, I GET TO BE HERE
FOR SIMONE.
HEY, YOU EVER FIGURE OUT HOW
YOU'RE GONNA TALK TO YOUR MOM?
UH, YEAH. FOR NOW,
I'M JUST GONNA
TELL HER ABOUT CELINE
AND NOT MY DAD.
SO YOU'RE GONNA LIE?
NAH. I'M JUST SKIPPING
A FEW DETAILS.
HEY. WHEN I
MENTIONED THE TOURNAMENT AT
FAMILY DINNER, I DIDN'T EXPECT
YOU GUYS TO COME SEE ME.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
IT'S ABOUT TIME I FINALLY
GET TO SEE YOU PLAY.
OH, YEAH, HEY.
YOU LOOKED GREAT OUT THERE.
THANKS.
HEY.
SO I AM PLAYING
KATIA TOMORROW.
WHAT?
YOU GONNA DESTROY HER.
OH, YEAH.
I'M GLAD YOU GOT
YOUR REMATCH.
ME, TOO.
DAMON, I NEED FOOD.
I GUESS WE SHOULD
GET YOU SOMETHING TO EAT.
I'MMA SEE YOU ALL, THEN.
THAT MUST'VE
BEEN KIND OF
AWKWARD FOR YOU.
WHY?
I'M HAPPY FOR THEM.
SO...
WE'RE PLAYING EACH OTHER
TOMORROW.
WHAT? ARE YOU
SERIOUS?
THAT'S
SO MESSED UP.
I GET THAT PLAYING
YOUR FRIEND MUST SUCK,
BUT THIS SEEMS A BIT EXTRA.
NO. COACH LONI IS USING
THIS TOURNAMENT
TO DETERMINE THE TOP 6.
AND IF I DON'T WIN,
IT COULD POTENTIALLY
BE A WRAP ON ME
OFFICIALLY PLAYING
TENNIS AT BRINGSTON
FOR THE YEAR.
AND IF I DON'T BEAT
SIMONE, I COULD
LOSE MY SPOT,
WHICH MEANS
THEY COULD PULL
MY SCHOLARSHIP.
OK, UM, FORGET MY LAST
COMMENT.
IF THE MERGER
GOES THROUGH,
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO MAKE ROOM
FOR WILLIS COBB ALUMNI
ON THE WALLS.
WHO EXACTLY ARE YOU
THINKING ABOUT ADDING?
I HAVE A FEW NAMES:
GRANT VOS, KERRY SLATER,
MAYBE CLARA RAMSEY.
I DON'T KNOW
WHO THOSE PEOPLE ARE.
THEY'RE AMONG
THE TOP 3 APP DEVELOPERS
IN THE COUNTRY.
I'M SORRY. WHAT?
ARE YOU SERIOUSLY
TALKING ABOUT
PUTTING UP PORTRAITS
OF APP DEVELOPERS
NEXT TO ALICE WALKER,
TONI MORRISON,
AND ZORA NEALE HURSTON?
HELLO, AMARA.
I HEARD YOU'VE BEEN SNOOPING
WHERE YOU DIDN'T BELONG
AND FOUND OUT
ABOUT THE MERGER.
WELL, SOMEBODY
HAS TO STOP YOU
FROM DILUTING
THE HBCU LEGACY.
LIKE IT OR NOT,
BRINGSTON'S GONNA HAVE
TO BECOME MORE INCLUSIVE.
YOU MEAN MORE WHITE.
ZEKE, HELP ME OUT HERE.
THIS PLACE HAS GIVEN
INSPIRATION
TO GENERATIONS OF STUDENTS.
I REFUSE TO TAKE
THAT AWAY.
EVERYTHING STAYS AS IS.
THANK YOU,
PRESIDENT ALLEN.
YEAH, WE'VE
GOT A GREAT GROUP
OF YOUNG MEN.
THEY LOVE
TO COMPETE.
THEY COME OUT HERE
AND BUST IT
EVERY SINGLE DAY.
THE GUYS ARE
REALLY TALENTED.
WRECK-IT RALPH.
YOU SNIFFING
AROUND HERE AGAIN?
WELL, GIVEN THAT IT'S
THE ANNIVERSARY OF
THE BASEBALL CHEATING SCANDAL,
I'M DOING A STORY ON THE TEAM.
YEAH. HE'S DOING ONE
OF THOSE "LOOK HOW
FAR THEY'VE COME"
KIND OF DEALS.
IS THAT RIGHT? SOUNDS GOOD,
AS LONG AS YOU'RE NOT
REHASHING THE SCANDAL.
WELL, I CAN'T REALLY
WRITE A STORY ABOUT
HOW FAR YOU'VE COME
WITHOUT LOOKING AT
HOW YOU GOT HERE.
I CAN TELL YOU. SHAW.
END OF STORY.
NO, THERE'S, UH,
STILL A MISSING PIECE,
THE IDENTITY OF
AMARA'S SOURCE.
YOU'RE GONNA WANT
TO LEAVE THE SCANDAL
AND ALL THIS WHISTLEBLOWER
STUFF IN THE PAST,
DO YOU HEAR ME?
MARCUS, I'M TRYING
TO HELP YOU.
STAY THE HELL AWAY
FROM MY STAFF AND TEAM.
THAT'S HOW YOU CAN HELP.
UH, YEAH.
WHAT THE HELL WERE
Y'ALL THINKING?
WE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING
WRONG HERE.
I DISAGREE. YOU OWE ME
AN APOLOGY, OK,
FOR GOING BEHIND
MY BACK, TALKING TO
A REPORTER ABOUT ME!
ABOUT YOU? WERE
WE JUST PART OF
THE SAME CONVERSATION?
I MEAN, COME ON, MARCUS.
YOU'RE LOSING IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
CLEAN OUT YOUR OFFICES.
YOU BOTH ARE FIRED.
-WHAT?!
-BOTH OF YOU.
-NO, YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS.
-MARCUS.
I AM. GET OUT OF
MY GYM NOW.
SO, YEAH, TENNIS
HAS GIVEN ME A LOT.
I'VE BEEN ABLE
TO SEE THE WORLD,
AND I ENJOY MAKING
PEOPLE SEE ME
AND WOMEN WHO LOOK LIKE ME.
I'M SORRY. YOU ASKED
ABOUT ME PERSONALLY,
AND ALL I'VE TALKED
ABOUT IS TENNIS.
YOU'VE ANSWERED
MY QUESTIONS.
YOU'RE DISCIPLINED
AND AMBITIOUS.
AND SINCE YOU CARRY
THE WEIGHT OF THE WORLD
ON YOUR SHOULDERS,
SOMETIMES YOU CAN BE
A LITTLE INTENSE,
BUT YOU'RE LEARNING
TO TONE IT DOWN.
YEAH.
I GET IT NOW.
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE YOU GOT
THE KEENA SIMS STAMP OF
APPROVAL IN RECORD TIME.
SHUT UP.
GREAT. WELL, THEN I'M
GONNA QUIT WHILE I'M AHEAD
AND SAY GOOD NIGHT,
BUT THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR DINNER.
IT WAS MY PLEASURE.
-ALL RIGHT.
-ALL RIGHT. SEE YOU.
BYE.
HEY.
WHAT'S ON YOUR MIND?
AND DON'T YOU SAY
"NOTHING."
OTHERWISE WE WILL SIT
HERE UNTIL YOU SPILL.
I FOUND MY BIRTH MOTHER...
CELINE RAYMOND,
J.R.'s MOM.
AND J.R.'s DAD...
HE'S YOUR BIRTH FATHER?
NO.
OH. OK.
WELL, WHO IS?
DAMON...
SWEETHEART, EITHER
YOU TRUST ME WITH
THIS, OR YOU DON'T.
WHO IS YOUR FATHER?
DAD'S MY BIOLOGICAL FATHER.
DAMON, THAT DOESN'T
MAKE ANY SENSE.
HE DIDN'T TELL YOU, MOM,
'CAUSE HE AIN'T
WANT TO ADMIT THAT--
ADMIT WHAT, DAMON?
HE DIDN'T WANT TO ADMIT
THAT HE HAD AN AFFAIR
WHEN YOU GUYS
WERE NEWLYWEDS.
I'M ASSUMING CELINE
TOLD YOU THIS.
WELL, I'M NOT TAKING
THE WORD OF SOME WOMAN
I'VE NEVER MET.
XAVIER WOULD NEVER BE
UNFAITHFUL TO ME.
AND I DON'T KNOW WHAT KIND OF
GAME CELINE IS PLAYING,
BUT, UH, I'M GOING TO NEED
HER NUMBER RIGHT NOW.
DAMON, I'M NOT PLAYING.
CELINE MAY BE YOUR
BIOLOGICAL MOTHER,
BUT XAVIER IS NOT
YOUR BIRTH FATHER.
HE AND I ADOPTED YOU,
PLAIN AND SIMPLE.
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN
THE PAPERWORK, MA?
XAVIER HANDLED THE ADOPTION.
WE WANTED A BABY SO BADLY,
I DIDN'T CARE ABOUT
THE PAPERWORK.
SO WHENEVER WE NEEDED IT,
YOUR FATHER JUST
TOOK CARE OF IT.
MOM, HE DID THAT TO HIDE
THE FACT THAT THERE
WAS NO ADOPTION.
NO.
ALL RIGHT, HE DIDN'T NEED
TO ADOPT HIS OWN SON, MOM.
NO, NO, NO. WE CANNOT
TAKE THE WORD OF SOME
WOMAN I HAVE NEVER MET.
LISTEN, LISTEN,
LISTEN, MOM.
ALL RIGHT? I CHECKED
WITH THE STATE.
THERE IS NO RECORD OF
MY ADOPTION AT ALL
BY ANYONE.
I KNOW IT'S HARD,
BUT IT'S THE TRUTH.
I GOT TO GO. UH,
I'LL CALL YOU LATER.
MOM.
♪ LET ME BE THE ONE YOU WANT
♪ THE ONE YOU NEED...
♪ I WANT TO BE
YOUR EVERYTHING... ♪
-WHAT'S UP?
YOU TELL ME.
I KIND OF FELT LIKE
YOU HAD SOMETHING
TO SAY YESTERDAY.
UM, ACTUALLY,
CAM...
SO YOU KNOW HOW I SAID THAT
THERE ARE SOME THINGS
THAT I NEEDED TO WORK ON
BEFORE I COULD BE READY
TO GET INTO A RELATIONSHIP?
YEAH.
WELL, I'VE DONE THE WORK,
AND I'M READY
IF IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
UH, WE GOT SOMETHING
PRETTY DOPE THIS SPRING.
I JUST DON'T WANT
TO MESS UP WHAT WE
HAVE, YOU KNOW?
KEISH.
OH.
MY BAD.
NO. NO. YOU GOOD.
I SHOULD PROBABLY GO.
KEISHA.
NO, NO.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT THAT.
LET'S WORRY ABOUT YOU.
UM, YOU HAVE TO PLAY
A FRIEND TODAY.
THAT SUCKS, BY THE WAY.
NO, IT DOESN'T
BECAUSE JERIKA IS NOT
MY FRIEND.
SHE CAN'T BE, NOT
UNTIL AFTER THE MATCH.
♪ YOU BETTER GO, GIRL
♪ YOU BETTER GO,
GIRL, SHOW OUT ♪
♪ GO, GIRL, YOU BETTER GO,
GIRL ♪
♪ YOU GOT A FIRE THAT CAN
TAKE OVER THE WHOLE WORLD ♪
♪ YOU BETTER GO, GIRL
♪ YOU BETTER GO,
GIRL, SHOW OUT ♪
♪ YOU KNOW IT'S YOUR WORLD
-♪ AND I FEEL LIKE
-♪ IT'S MY TURN
-♪ I FEEL LIKE...
♪ I FEEL LIKE IT'S MY TURN
♪ YOU GOT A FIRE THAT CAN
TAKE OVER THE WHOLE WORLD... ♪
GAME, SET, MATCH,
HICKS.
JERIKA.
I'M REALLY SORRY.
NO. DON'T BE.
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
BRINGSTON IS
MERGING WITH A PWI.
OK, WE NEED TO GET
THIS ARTICLE OUT
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
I THINK WE SHOULD
HOLD A BEAT.
AMARA, PEOPLE HAVE A RIGHT
TO KNOW WHAT'S HAPPENING.
I AGREE. BUT I DON'T
WANT TO PUBLICLY AIR
BRINGSTON CONTROVERSY
AGAIN JUST TO STAND BY
AND WATCH THE AFTERMATH.
HEY, LOOK, I GET IT. AFTER
THE CHEATING SCANDAL,
PEOPLE IN OUR COMMUNITY
CAME AT YOU PRETTY HARD.
MY HESITATION ISN'T
ABOUT THAT.
IT'S ABOUT SAVING BRINGSTON.
WE NEED TO BE STRATEGIC--
RELEASE THE ARTICLE
WHEN WE KNOW WE CAN BRING
AWARENESS AND ALLIES
TO OUR CAUSE.
OK. WE DO THIS
YOUR WAY FOR NOW.
HEY, CANDACE, IT'S ME.
WE NEED TO HIT UP EVERY
ALUM AT HOMECOMING.
THERE'S SOMETHING
THEY NEED TO KNOW.
I TOLD YOU TO
STAY AWAY FROM MY TEAM.
DIDN'T I MAKE
MYSELF CLEAR?
WHAT WAS MADE CLEAR
WAS THAT YOU WERE
AMARA'S SOURCE ON
THE CHEATING SCANDAL.
YOU NEED TO LEAVE.
WHEN I MENTIONED
THE WHISTLEBLOWER YESTERDAY,
YOU NEARLY TOOK MY HEAD OFF.
AND THAT GOT ME THINKING,
SEE, YOU WERE SHAW'S
ASSISTANT COACH.
THERE'S NO WAY YOU DIDN'T
KNOW WHAT HE WAS DOING.
YOU HAD ACCESS TO EVERYTHING
THAT YOU NEEDED TO EXPOSE HIM,
AND YOU HAD ACCESS
TO THE PERFECT PERSON
TO HIDE BEHIND,
AMARA.
YOU LET HER
STAND OUT THERE
AND TAKE THE HITS
ON THIS ONE ALONE.
NOW, I KNOW. AMARA,
SHE PROBABLY TOLD YOU
SHE COULD HANDLE IT,
BUT SHE SHOULDN'T
HAVE HAD TO.
TEAMS ARE BUILT
ON TRUST, RIGHT?
IT MEANS ALL THIS,
ALL THIS IS A LIE.
AH, BUT NONE OF THAT
MATTERS TO YOU
AS LONG AS YOU WIN
THE GIRL AND THE TEAM.
CAN I SEE THE MIC?
HEY, HEY, EVERYBODY.
LISTEN, I WANT TO THANK YOU ALL
FOR COMING OUT.
WHOO!
YEAH. I HOPE YOU ALL
ARE HAVING A GREAT TIME,
BUT THERE'S AN ELEPHANT
IN THE ROOM,
AND IT HAS CHEATING SCANDAL
WRITTEN ALL OVER IT.
NOW, THERE'S BEEN A LOT OF TALK
ABOUT AN ANONYMOUS SOURCE,
WHO THEY ARE AND WHY THEY
DID WHAT THEY DID.
AND I WANT TO PUT ALL THAT
TO REST HERE AND NOW.
IT WAS ME.
NOW, I KNOW WHAT
YOU ALL THINKING, ALL RIGHT?
I CAN HEAR IT.
BUT I'M NOT THE BAD GUY.
I DID WHAT I DID SO YOU BOYS
CAN WALK ON THAT FIELD
WITH YOUR HEADS HELD HIGH.
NOW, I DID THE RIGHT THING,
DAMN IT.
THIS TIME, I GOT IT RIGHT.
BUT I'M NOT THE BAD GUY.
BAD GUY...BAD GUY...BAD GUY...
YOU GUYS, MAN, HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE ME--
TO WAKE UP EVERY MORNING
AND TO LOOK IN THAT MIRROR
AND FEEL BETRAYED BY WHAT I SEE.
I CAN'T UNSEE IT.
I CAN'T UNSEE ME, MAN.
I'M NOT A BAD MAN, Y'ALL.
I'M NOT.
COACH, LET'S GET
SOME FOOD, ALL RIGHT?
I STILL GOT STUFF
TO SAY, SIMS.
I HAVE TO GET IT OUT.
I HAVE TO QUIET
THE NOISE, J.
I GOT TO QUIET THE NOISE.
LET'S JUST TAKE A BREAK
FOR A SECOND, ALL RIGHT...
AND THEN YOU CAN TAKE
THE MIC BACK.
YOU HAPPY NOW, HUH, RALPH?
HUH? HUH?
COACH, COACH, COACH...
-LET ME GO.
-COACH, CALM DOWN.
I'M FINE. I'M FINE,
DAMON. J., I'M FINE, OK?
I'M FINE, OK?
COACH.
I HAVE TO GIVE CREDIT
WHERE CREDIT IS DUE.
YOU'VE BEEN DOMINATING.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE NEXT.
YOU STILL HAVE A LOT
TO LEARN, LITTLE GIRL.
THEA, YOU OK?
LOOK. SHE...
WOW. SO MUCH FOR BEING
A MAN OF INTEGRITY.
DUDE, WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
COME ON, FELLAS.
COACH SHOWED MAD INTEGRITY.
SHAW WAS CHEATING.
HE WAS ROBBING DUDES
OF THEIR EDUCATION.
COACH MARCUS, HE DID
THE RIGHT THING.
NO. KEEPING THIS THING QUIET,
FORCING SHAW OUT,
OR GOING
TO THE ADMINISTRATION,
THAT WOULD HAVE
BEEN THE RIGHT THING.
WE WOULD'VE STILL HAD
A SEASON LAST YEAR,
AND OUR FUNDING WOULDN'T BE
IN QUESTION THIS YEAR.
HEY, LOOK, OUR OPINION
ABOUT WHAT COACH DID
ISN'T MORE IMPORTANT
THAN FINDING HIM.
CLEARLY, HE NEEDS
OUR HELP.
I'M NOT HELPING A DUDE
I CAN'T TRUST,
SO YOU DO WHAT YOU
GOT TO DO.
COME ON, BOYS.
-YO.
-NO.
SO AFTER ALL
WE BEEN THROUGH,
OUR TEAM IS BACK
BEING DIVIDED?
HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO BEAT
HAWKINS THIS WAY?
ALL RIGHT.
LOOK, LISTEN UP.
WE'LL FIND COACH
FIRST,
AND THEN WE'LL
FIX THE TEAM.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S SPLIT UP.
CHECK EVERYWHERE.
IF YOU FIND HIM,
HIT ME UP.
THIS WAS KATIA.
SHE KNOWS I CAN BEAT HER,
SO SHE SABOTAGED ME.
SO WHY GO THROUGH
ALL THIS TROUBLE
IF YOU CAN JUST USE
A DIFFERENT RACKET?
ARE YOU BEING SERIOUS
RIGHT NOW?
FOR ELITE TENNIS PLAYERS,
THE SPECIFICS OF THEIR
RACKET ARE VERY KEY.
WEIGHT, HANDLE, GRIP,
STRING GAUGE ARE
ALL PRECISELY SELECTED
TO MEET OUR INDIVIDUAL NEEDS
AND TO MAXIMIZE PERFORMANCE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M GOING
TO SAY THIS,
BUT I HAVE TO FORFEIT.
THE HELL YOU ARE.
GIRL, YOU'RE GONNA
BORROW MY RACKET.
WHAT, AND MAKE A FOOL
OF MYSELF ON THE COURT?
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
WHAT, THEN YOU'RE
JUST GONNA LET
KATIA WIN?
AND IF ANYONE CAN
PLAY WITH A DIFFERENT RACKET,
IT IS YOU.
THEA,
YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE THAT.
YOU ALWAYS TELL ME THAT
TENNIS IS A MENTAL GAME.
SO, GIRL, HERE WE ARE.
YOU NEED TO WOMAN UP.
AS FAR AS PEP TALKS GO,
THAT WASN'T BAD.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
HERE.
GO PRACTICE.
OK.
KILL IT.
YEAH.
DAMON, UM...
YOU GOT TO GET DOWN
TO THE TOURNAMENT.
THEA NEEDS YOU RIGHT NOW.
OH, ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
THEN I'M ON MY WAY.
NO CAP. HOW HARD WAS IT
TO MAKE THAT CALL?
THE HARDEST.
GOT A QUESTION.
WHAT HAPPENED BETWEEN
YOU AND KEISHA?
GOT AN ANSWER:
DAMN, YOU NOSEY.
CAN'T WE JUST
SKIP AHEAD TO THE PART
WHERE YOU JUST
TELL ME ALREADY?
NAH. WHY DON'T WE
CHILL AT THE SPOT
WHERE YOU MIND
YOUR BUSINESS, YEAH?
NOPE 'CAUSE THE WAY SHE
WAS LOOKING AT YOU YESTERDAY,
HER ENCOURAGING ME
TO BID ON YOU AT
THE BLACK AND WHITE GALA
SO THAT YOU
COULD PERFORM WITH
THE ATLs, SOMETHING'S UP.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
KEISHA'S THE REASON
THAT YOU--
I PUT MYSELF OUT THERE,
AND SHE REJECTED ME.
AND NOW SHE'S SAYING
SHE'S READY,
BUT I CAN'T PUT MYSELF
THROUGH THAT AGAIN.
CAN WE
GET BACK TO WORK NOW?
YOU HAPPY?
ACTUALLY, I GOT TO ROLL.
I WILL MAKE SURE THAT
I TEXT YOU ABOUT
REHEARSAL TONIGHT.
AND, CAM, IT PROBABLY
TOOK A LOT FOR KEISHA
TO FINALLY SAY THAT SHE'S
READY AND OWN HER CRAP.
SO MAYBE YOU SHOULD
BELIEVE HER.
WELL, SHE'LL BE HERE SOON.
OH, HERE SHE IS.
LISTEN UP, GUYS.
THANKS FOR COMING,
Y'ALL.
I KNOW BRINGSTON MERGING
WITH A PWI IS A SHOCK.
ZEKE'S ONE OF US. HOW
COULD HE LET THIS HAPPEN?
WHEN WE'RE DONE, I'M
PAYING HIM A LITTLE VISIT.
OK. BEFORE YOU ALL START
LIGHTING THE TORCHES,
LET ME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
WHEN ZEKE REACHES OUT
FOR DONATIONS,
HOW MANY OF YOU SHOW UP TO
SUPPORT BRINGSTON FINANCIALLY?
BUT WHEN IT'S HOMECOMING WEEK
FILLED WITH PARTIES AND FOOD,
OH, Y'ALL SHOW UP
FOR THAT.
DAMN. YOU DIDN'T HAVE
TO PUT IT LIKE THAT.
I SEE A ROOM FULL OF SUCCESSFUL,
WELL-CONNECTED PEOPLE.
TAP YOUR CONTACTS. LET'S RAISE
ENOUGH MONEY TO STOP THIS.
LET'S SAVE BRINGSTON.
YEAH.
YO, THANKS
FOR HITTING ME UP.
YEAH. IT'S NO PROBLEM.
THEA NEEDED ALL THE HELP
THAT SHE CAN GET,
SO, PLUS, I'VE NEVER
SEEN HER LIKE THAT BEFORE.
REMEMBER WHEN I SAID WE
COULDN'T SUPPORT EACH OTHER?
UH, YES. KIND OF
HARD TO FORGET.
WELL, I FEEL LIKE
THAT WASN'T RIGHT.
AND IF THERE'S ANYTHING
I LEARNED THESE
LAST COUPLE DAYS,
IT'S THAT WE ALL
NEED EACH OTHER.
SO IF YOU EVER WANT TO TALK,
I'M HERE TO LISTEN.
UH, YEAH, THESE PAST
FEW WEEKS HAVE BEEN
A LITTLE CRAZY.
SO I'M GUESSING YOU
TALKED TO YOUR MOM ABOUT
CELINE AND YOUR DAD.
J.R. CALLED ME UP.
RIGHT. HEH.
YOU KNOW, IF I WASN'T
SO DETERMINED
ON FINDING
MY BIRTH PARENTS,
NONE OF THIS WOULD'VE
CAME OUT
AND MY MOM, SHE WOULDN'T
BE IN PAIN RIGHT NOW.
DAMON, THIS IS NOT ON YOU.
THIS IS ON YOUR DAD.
I WANT TO CONFRONT HIM
SO FREAKING BAD,
BUT I CAN'T.
'CAUSE
OF HIS ALZHEIMER'S,
HE'LL NEVER
BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE
FOR THE MESSED-UP STUFF
THAT HE DID.
WELL, FOR WHATEVER REASON
HE DID WHAT HE DID,
AT THE END OF THE DAY,
YOU KNOW HE LOVES YOU.
SO HOLD ON TO THAT.
YEAH. THANKS.
MM-HMM.
YOU KNOW,
IT WAS PRETTY DOPE
YOU BEING HERE
FOR ME AND THEA
DESPITE, YOU KNOW...
DAMON, WE BOTH CAN BE
ADULTS ABOUT IT.
FROM THE MOMENT WE MET,
THERE WAS ALWAYS
SOMETHING BETWEEN US.
YEAH. NO CAP.
BUT YOU GOT JORDAN, AND
I GOT TO RESPECT THAT.
AND NOW YOU'RE WITH THEA,
SO WE'RE BACK
TO BEING FRIENDS...
UNCOMPLICATED FRIENDS.
YEAH.
I'LL SEE YOU AROUND.
HEY. UM...
DO YOU EVER WONDER
WHAT THINGS WOULD'VE
BEEN LIKE BETWEEN US,
LIKE, HAD THE TIMING
BEEN DIFFERENT?
ALL THE TIME.
FAULT.
DOUBLE FAULT,
POINT, HOOK.
0-15.
THAT'S OK.
YOU GOT THIS.
SHH.
♪ THIS ONE GOES OUT
TO THE LADIES ♪
♪ WHO DO BIG THINGS
AND GO CRAZY ♪
♪ NO, WE DON'T TURN UP
IN THE CLUB... ♪
POINT, MAYS.
0-30.
THERE WE GO.
♪ I CAME TO SHUT IT DOWN, I'M
THE ONE THAT'S DOING DAMAGE ♪
♪ WHILE I'M POSING
♪ FOR THE CAMERAS
GAME, SET,
MATCH, MAYS.
LET'S GO!
OK.
YEAH. THIS RACKET IS
OBNOXIOUSLY HEAVY,
AND I DON'T
KNOW HOW YOU USE IT.
UM...
UH, MA, HOW YOU DOING?
TIME HEALS
ALL WOUNDS.
XAVIER'S AFFAIR IS
A WOUND
THAT WILL TAKE
SOME TIME.
YEAH. SIMONE TOLD ME
I SHOULD FOCUS
ON THE FACT THAT HE LOVES ME.
I AGREE. YOU SHOULD FOCUS
ON THE BEST IN HIM.
MA, CAN I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
HMM?
LIKE, WHEN YOU
LOOK AT ME NOW,
DO YOU JUST SEE
THE WORST IN HIM?
NEVER.
DAMON, BABY, YOU ARE
MY BRIGHT LIGHT,
THE BEST THING THAT'S
EVER HAPPENED TO ME.
AND WE'LL ALWAYS
LOVE YOU.
NOW, XAVIER
AND CELINE'S MESS
WILL NEVER CHANGE THAT.
YOU HEAR ME?
YEAH.
JUST LIKE IT'LL NEVER CHANGE
THE FACT THAT YOU'RE MY MA...
AND YOU ALWAYS WILL BE.
SO YOU WANT
TO TALK ABOUT HAPPENED
WITH YOU AND CAM EARLIER?
UHH...
IT'S A SHORT BUT EPIC STORY.
OK.
I TOOK MY SHOT, BUT HE'S
MOVED ON EMOTIONALLY.
IT WAS JUST BAD TIMING,
I GUESS.
YEAH.
SOMETIMES TIMING
IS AN ISSUE,
AND OTHER TIMES, IT'S
JUST NEEDING TO FIGHT
FOR YOUR RELATIONSHIP.
I'LL NEVER REGRET
GOING TO L.A.
TO FIGHT FOR JORDAN
BECAUSE NOW I KNOW IT
WAS NEVER MEANT TO BE.
BUT, HONESTLY, KEISH,
DO YOU REALLY THINK
THAT YOU PUT ALL
YOUR CARDS ON THE TABLE
FOR YOU AND CAM?
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
COACH LONI WANTS
TO SEE ME.
SHE'S READY TO NAME
THE FINAL TOP 6.
-AMARA.
-HEY.
GLAD YOU GOT MY MESSAGE.
FIRST, THANK YOU
FOR GIVING A QUOTE
FOR THE ARTICLE.
I'M RELEASING IT
IN A FEW DAYS.
IT FELT LIKE THE RIGHT
THING TO DO.
WELL, THERE'S A LOT OF
THAT GOING AROUND.
ZEKE, THE ALUMNI
MANAGED TO RAISE
$4 MILLION.
IT'S UNBELIEVABLE.
THAT'S ENOUGH TO STOP
THE MERGER, RIGHT?
UNFORTUNATELY, WE'RE GONNA
NEED A LOT MORE THAN THAT NOW.
SIMONE. HEY!
HEY.
SO I HEAR SOMEONE
KEPT THEIR SPOT.
WELL, MY WINS PRIOR
TO YOU HANDING ME MY ASS
IMPRESSED COACH LONI,
SO, YEAH, I GET TO KEEP
MY SCHOLARSHIP.
WELL, I'M VERY HAPPY
FOR YOU.
SAVE SOME OF THAT
HAPPINESS FOR YOURSELF.
AFTER THE WAY YOU JUST
PLAYED THIS TOURNAMENT,
THERE'S NO WAY YOU DIDN'T...
SIMONE, NO.
AS A COURTESY, COACH LONI
GAVE ME A HEADS-UP.
SHE SAID I PUT IN THE WORK,
BUT IT JUST WASN'T ENOUGH,
SO...
I DIDN'T MAKE IT
INTO THE TOP 6.
PLAYING TENNIS AT
BRINGSTON IS OVER...
FOR THE YEAR.
I'M SORRY.
♪ IF EVER YOU
♪ WALK AWAY
AM I IN TROUBLE
OR SOMETHING?
YOU JUST ROLLED OUT
AFTER YOUR MATCH.
I HEARD YOUR CONVERSATION
WITH SIMONE
AT THE TOURNAMENT.
LOOK...
I HAVEN'T BEEN
HONEST.
I MEAN, I DIDN'T
LIE EITHER,
BUT I GUESS THERE'S
SOMETHING I
SHOULD'VE TOLD YOU.
SIMONE AND I, UH...
WE USED TO BE CLOSE.
LIKE, REAL CLOSE.
I MEAN, WE DIDN'T ACT
ON ANY OF OUR FEELINGS.
SHE HAS SOMEONE,
AND NOW I HAVE SOMEONE.
SO AM I JUST, LIKE,
A PLACE-HOLDER FOR YOU
OR SOMETHING?
THEA, NO.
LOOK, I'M GLAD THAT
THINGS DIDN'T
WORK OUT WITH SIMONE
'CAUSE THAT ALLOWED
ME TO FIND YOU.
IF I MEAN SO MUCH TO YOU,
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME
ABOUT YOUR DAD?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE BECAUSE YOU'RE
MY BRIGHT LIGHT,
AND I JUST DIDN'T WANT
ANY OF MY FAMILY DRAMA
DARKENING ANYTHING
THAT WE HAVE.
BUT, DAMON, IF WE'RE GONNA
HAVE A REAL RELATIONSHIP,
YOU HAVE TO LET ME IN
ON ALL OF IT.
YOU'RE RIGHT. AND...
AND I'M SORRY.
OK, FROM NOW ON,
THERE'LL BE
NOTHING BUT
COMPLETE HONESTY, OK?
SO IS THERE ANYTHING
THAT I SHOULD KNOW?
AH, SIMONE AND JORDAN
BROKE UP,
AND NOW SHE'S READY
TO DEAL WITH IT.
NO.
I'M A CLEAN SLATE.
SO AM I
OUT THE DOGHOUSE?
HMM.
"HMM"?
♪ ...WITH MY LOVE...
UM, IT'S DR. PETERSON:
EMERGENCY FAMILY
MEETING RIGHT NOW.
♪ LOOK BEHIND,
I'LL BE RUNNIN' ♪
♪ WITH MY LOVE AFTER YOU...
-KEISHA?
-HEY.
WHAT, YOU CRASHING
OUR A-T-L REHEARSAL?
NAH, THEY'RE ACTUALLY
NOT PULLING UP.
SURE THEY ARE.
GABBY TEXTED ME.
'CAUSE I ASKED HER TO.
SHE WAS HELPING A SISTA OUT.
WHAT IS THIS?
WHY BRING ME HERE?
UM, THE WAY I CAME AT
YOU EARLIER WAS WEAK.
I KNOW THAT NOW.
AND ONE THING
I LEARNED ABOUT MYSELF
THROUGH THERAPY IS THAT
I AM NOT ABOUT MY EMOTIONS.
SO ONE DAY MY THERAPIST
ASKED ME TO WRITE A LETTER
TO MY FUTURE SELF.
OH, I BET YOU CLAPPED
BACK ON THAT ONE.
-YEAH, I DID.
-I BET.
-YEAH, HA HA!
-HA HA!
BUT THEN I WROTE THE LETTER.
OK.
"HEY, GIRL, IT'S ME--
PAST KEISHA
HOLLERING AT YOU
FROM A YEAR AGO."
"AS YOU READ THIS, I HOPE
WE CONTINUE TO FIND WAYS
"TO MOVE FORWARD,
BECAUSE I REALLY LIKE
"WHO WE'RE BECOMING,
"THAT WE'RE MORE AWARE
OF WHAT WE WANT,
"THAT WE'RE NOT
SCARED OF HOW WE FEEL.
"WE'RE WORTHY
OF LOVE, GIRL.
"AND I'M READY
TO GIVE IT IN RETURN
WITHOUT FEAR
OR RESERVATION."
"WHEN I THINK
ABOUT MY LIFE,
"I DON'T FEAR THE THINGS
THAT COULD HAPPEN.
I'M EXCITED ABOUT
THOSE THINGS NOW."
"AND I HOPE
ONE OF THEM IS CAM.
"AND AFTER WE'RE DONE
TELLING HIM ALL THAT,
I HOPE HE WANTS
WHAT WE WANT."
SO...
DO YOU?
HELL YEAH.
-YEAH?
-HELL YEAH.
YEAH?
♪ ...SOMEBODY
♪ I'D BETTER LET YOU
LIVE YOUR LIFE ♪
♪ AND SOMEDAY
♪ WE'LL BE SMILIN',
ME AND YOU... ♪
-HEY.
-YO.
WHERE'S DR. P. AT?
SHE'S JUST MAKING
A QUICK CALL
WHILE WE WAIT FOR SIMONE
TO GET HERE.
HEY, BRO, WHAT'S UP?
CAN I HAVE A CHAT WITH?
FOR SURE.
OH, HEY.
-HEY, GIRL.
-HI.
HEY, YOU TWO.
I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO
REACH MARCUS.
ME AND THE GUYS LOOKED
FOR HIM EVERYWHERE.
WE COULDN'T FIND HIM.
YEAH. I'M GONNA
STOP BY
HIS PLACE AGAIN
AFTER THIS.
I'LL COME WITH YOU
AFTER THE FAMILY MEETING.
UM, HEY, SO...
THERE'S SOMETHING IMPORTANT
Y'ALL NEED TO KNOW.
WHEN I CALLED
WILLIS COBB TO GET A QUOTE,
THEY REALIZED THE PUBLIC
SCRUTINY THEY'D BE UNDER.
IN THE WAKE OF BLACK
LIVES MATTER AND EVERYTHING,
THEY GOT SCARED ABOUT
HOW PEOPLE WOULD REACT
TO A PWI TAKING OVER
AN HBCU.
SO THEY PULLED OUT
OF THE DEAL.
NO MERGER.
AUNTIE, THAT IS
GREAT NEWS.
YEAH. BUT THERE'S MORE.
SINCE BRINGSTON
COULDN'T BE MERGED,
THE TRUSTEES VOTED
TO HAVE IT SOLD
UNLESS ENOUGH MONEY IS
RAISED BY THE END OF
HOMECOMING WEEK.
AS IN THIS
HOMECOMING WEEK?
I KNOW THIS IS A LOT
TO TAKE IN.
UH, I'M SORRY. EXCUSE ME.
AMARA, HEY, IT'S ME.
I JUST WANT TO SAY
I'LL MISS YOU.
YOU BROUGHT A LOT OF
GOOD TO A LIFE THAT
HAD A LOT OF BAD.
PLEASE DON'T TRY
TO FIND ME.
JUST LET ME BE
AT PEACE.
HEY, UH, DR. P.?
WAS THAT COACH?
WE NEED TO FIND MARCUS NOW.
I THINK HE'S PLANNING
ON DOING SOMETHING...
TO HIMSELF.
GREG, MOVE YOUR HEAD.